There are two main
layers that are very
commonly used in most
neural networks.
There is a dense layer
which allows you to go
from one layer to another
inside the network,
and then there is a ReLu,
layer that keeps
your network stable.
Let's explore them
in more detail.
First, I'll revisit
the dense layer
that I already mentioned
in the previous videos,
and then I'll show you how
the ReLu, layer works.
Recall that within
a hidden unit J,
two computations are
happening sequentially.
First, a dot product between
the weights associated
with that hidden unit and
the activations from
the previous layer.
Then a non-linear function is
applied to the results
of that dot product.
Looking at a hidden layer I,
from a vanilla neural network,
you will have multiple units
where the first computation is
a dot product
superscript I sub j.
The dense layer computes all
of these products at once by
multiplying the weight
matrix W superscript I,
with the activations
from the previous layer,
a superscript I minus one,
where the weight matrix
contains a set of
parameters that can be
learned during the
training process.
After a dense layer,
a non-linear function
G is typically
applied to the z values
in each hidden unit.
The ReLu function is a
typical choice for this task.
It maps any negative values to
zero before sending them
onto the next layer.
It computes a
function that returns
a value of zero for
negative values of
z sub j and does nothing to
the z subscript js
that are positive.
This is equivalent to
taking the maximum
between zero and z
for each hidden unit.
ReLu stands for
rectified linear units,
which makes sense when you are
taking a look at the graph where
the negative parts of
the function have been
rectified to match
the horizontal axis,
as you can see over here.
You've now seen the dense
layer in more detail,
and I showed you how
the ReLu, layer works.
Next, I'll discuss how
to put a model together.
You are now familiar with
two main components of any
common neural network.